Add IQS027 rule (#2392)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/iqs027.md

---
title: "IQS027 - Dependency is async"
---

IQS027 is as follows:

Dependency is async

## Reasoning

Home Assistant works with asyncio to be efficient.
If your library is not async, it needs to utilize executor jobs to not block the event loop.

> Ideally, your library should be async.

Reviewer: Honestly, this line is highly conflicting with the title of the rule.

For me, this rule is pretty easy, async or gtfo :D

Reviewer 2: I think it's meant as an explanation and not an instruction, but it can be misinterpreted.

> Home Assistant works with asyncio to be efficient.
> If your library is not async, it needs to utilize executor jobs to not block the event loop.
> Ideally, your library should be async.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Home Assistant works with asyncio to be efficient when handling tasks.
To avoid switching context between the asyncio event loop and other threads, which is costly performance wise, ideally, your library should also use asyncio.
```

This results not only in a more efficient system but the code is also more neat.

## Additional resources

> 

Author: I feel like we could provide some examples, but I also feel like we should be unbiased here

Reviewer: I don't think that is needed? Feels a bit odd to put examples here.

Reviewer 2: Let's link to the library guide:

https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/api_lib_index

## Exceptions

> There are no exceptions to this rule.

Reviewer: This rule applies mostly to libraries. If there isnt' one... it would obviously be exempted IMHO. However, that is an extreme rarity.
